---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_location Data Source - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Location data source for Megaport. Returns a list of data centers where you can order a Megaport, MCR, or MVE. While you can use 'id' or 'name' field to identify a specific data center, it is strongly recommended to use 'id' for consistent results. Location names can change over time, while IDs remain constant. Using the location ID ensures deterministic behavior in your Terraform configurations. The most up to date listing of locations can be retrieved from the Megaport API at GET /v3/locations
---

# megaport_location (Data Source)

Location data source for Megaport. Returns a list of data centers where you can order a Megaport, MCR, or MVE. While you can use 'id' or 'name' field to identify a specific data center, it is strongly recommended to use 'id' for consistent results. Location names can change over time, while IDs remain constant. Using the location ID ensures deterministic behavior in your Terraform configurations. The most up to date listing of locations can be retrieved from the Megaport API at GET /v3/locations

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "megaport_location" "my_location_1" {
  id = 5
}

data "megaport_location" "my_location_2" {
  id = 5 # NextDC Brisbane B1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The ID of the location. Using ID is strongly recommended as the most reliable way to identify locations since IDs remain constant, unlike names and site codes which can change.
- `name` (String) The name of the location. Note that location names can change over time, which may lead to non-deterministic behavior. For consistent results, use the location ID instead.
- `site_code` (String) DEPRECATED: The site_code field is no longer available in the v3 locations API and will be removed in a future version. Use the location ID instead. Filtering by site_code is no longer supported.

### Read-Only

- `address` (Map of String) The address of the location.
- `campus` (String) DEPRECATED: The campus field is no longer available in the v3 locations API and will be removed in a future version.
- `country` (String) The country of the location.
- `latitude` (Number) The latitude of the location.
- `live_date` (String) DEPRECATED: The live_date field is no longer available in the v3 locations API and will be removed in a future version.
- `longitude` (Number) The longitude of the location.
- `market` (String) The market of the location.
- `metro` (String) The metro of the location.
- `network_region` (String) DEPRECATED: The network_region field is no longer available in the v3 locations API and will be removed in a future version.
- `products` (Attributes) The products available in the location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--products))
- `status` (String) The status of the location.
- `v_router_available` (Boolean) DEPRECATED: The v_router_available field is no longer available in the v3 locations API and will be removed in a future version.

<a id="nestedatt--products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `products`

Read-Only:

- `mcr` (Boolean) The MCR availability of the location.
- `mcr1` (List of Number) The MCR1 bandwidth availability of the location.
- `mcr2` (List of Number) The MCR2 bandwidth availability of the location.
- `mcr_version` (Number) The MCR version available at the location.
- `megaport` (List of Number) The Megaport availability of the location.
- `mve` (Attributes List) The MVE availability of the location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--products--mve))

<a id="nestedatt--products--mve"></a>
### Nested Schema for `products.mve`

Read-Only:

- `details` (Attributes List) The details of the MVE available in the location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--products--mve--details))
- `id` (Number) The ID of the MVE available in the location.
- `max_cpu_count` (Number) The maximum CPU count of the MVE available in the location.
- `product` (String) The product of the MVE available in the location.
- `release_image` (Boolean) Whether there is a release image or not.
- `sizes` (List of String) The sizes available in the location.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor of the MVE available in the location.
- `vendor_description` (String) The vendor description of the MVE available in the location.
- `version` (String) The version of the MVE available in the location.

<a id="nestedatt--products--mve--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `products.mve.details`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth_mbps` (Number) The bandwidth Mbps of the MVE available in the location.
- `cpu_core_count` (Number) The CPU core count of the MVE available in the location.
- `label` (String) The label of the MVE available in the location.
- `ram_gb` (Number) The RAM GB of the MVE available in the location.
- `size` (String) The size of the MVE available in the location.
