---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_vxc_csp_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VXC CSP Connection Data Source for the Megaport Terraform Provider. Use this data source to retrieve the Cloud Service Provider (CSP) connections associated with a VXC.
---

# megaport_vxc_csp_connection (Data Source)

VXC CSP Connection Data Source for the Megaport Terraform Provider. Use this data source to retrieve the Cloud Service Provider (CSP) connections associated with a VXC.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vxc_uid` (String) The UID of the VXC to retrieve CSP connections for.

### Read-Only

- `csp_connections` (Attributes List) The Cloud Service Provider (CSP) connections associated with the VXC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--csp_connections))

<a id="nestedatt--csp_connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `csp_connections`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account of the CSP connection.
- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the CSP connection.
- `amazon_address` (String) The Amazon address of the CSP connection.
- `asn` (Number) The ASN of the CSP connection.
- `auth_key` (String, Sensitive) The authentication key of the CSP connection.
- `bandwidth` (Number) The bandwidth of the CSP connection.
- `bandwidths` (List of Number) The bandwidths of the CSP connection.
- `connect_type` (String) The connection type of the CSP connection.
- `connection_id` (String) The hosted connection ID of the CSP connection.
- `csp_name` (String) The name of the CSP connection.
- `customer_address` (String) The customer address of the CSP connection.
- `customer_asn` (Number) The customer ASN of the CSP connection.
- `customer_ip4_address` (String) The customer IPv4 address of the CSP connection.
- `customer_ip6_network` (String) The customer IPv6 network of the Transit VXC connection.
- `customer_ip_address` (String) The customer IP address of the CSP connection.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the CSP connection.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) The IP addresses of the Virtual Router.
- `ipv4_gateway_address` (String) The IPv4 gateway address of the Transit VXC connection.
- `ipv6_gateway_address` (String) The IPv6 gateway address of the Transit VXC connection.
- `managed` (Boolean) Whether the CSP connection is managed.
- `name` (String) The name of the CSP connection.
- `owner_account` (String) The owner's AWS account of the CSP connection.
- `pairing_key` (String) The pairing key of the Google Cloud connection.
- `peer_asn` (Number) The peer ASN of the CSP connection.
- `provider_ip_address` (String) The provider IP address of the CSP connection.
- `resource_name` (String) The resource name of the CSP connection.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the CSP connection.
- `service_key` (String, Sensitive) The Azure service key of the CSP connection.
- `type` (String) The type of the AWS Virtual Interface.
- `vif_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Virtual Interface.
- `virtual_router_name` (String) The name of the Virtual Router.
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the CSP connection.
