---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_lag_port_basic Resource - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Link Aggregation Group (LAG) Port Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport LAG Ports. A LAG bundles physical ports to create a single data path, where the traffic load is distributed among the ports to increase overall connection reliability.
---

# megaport_lag_port_basic (Resource)

Link Aggregation Group (LAG) Port Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport LAG Ports. A LAG bundles physical ports to create a single data path, where the traffic load is distributed among the ports to increase overall connection reliability.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract_term_months` (Number) The term of the contract in months: valid values are 1, 12, 24, and 36. To set the product to a month-to-month contract with no minimum term, set the value to 1.
- `lag_count` (Number) The number of LAG ports. Valid values are between 1 and 8.
- `location_id` (Number) The numeric location ID of the product. This value can be retrieved from the data source megaport_location.
- `marketplace_visibility` (Boolean) Whether the product is visible in the marketplace.
- `port_speed` (Number) The speed of the port in Mbps. Can be 10000 (10 G) or 100000 (100 G, where available).
- `product_name` (String) The name of the product.

### Optional

- `cost_centre` (String) A customer reference number to be included in billing information and invoices. Also known as the service level reference (SLR) number. Specify a unique identifying number for the product to be used for billing purposes, such as a cost center number or a unique customer ID. The service level reference number appears for each service under the Product section of the invoice. You can also edit this field for an existing service.
- `diversity_zone` (String) The diversity zone of the product.
- `promo_code` (String) Promo code is an optional string that can be used to enter a promotional code for the service order. The code is not validated, so if the code doesn't exist or doesn't work for the service, the request will still be successful.
- `resource_tags` (Map of String) The resource tags associated with the product.

### Read-Only

- `cancelable` (Boolean) Whether the product is cancelable.
- `company_uid` (String) The unique identifier of the company.
- `lag_port_uids` (List of String) The unique identifiers of the LAG ports.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the product is locked.
- `market` (String) The market the product is in.
- `product_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the product.
- `product_uid` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.
- `usage_algorithm` (String) The usage algorithm for the product.
- `vxc_auto_approval` (Boolean) Whether VXC is auto-approved on this product.
- `vxc_permitted` (Boolean) Whether VXC is permitted on this product.
