---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_lag_port Resource - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Link Aggregation Group (LAG) Port Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport LAG Ports. A LAG bundles physical ports to create a single data path, where the traffic load is distributed among the ports to increase overall connection reliability.
---

# megaport_lag_port (Resource)

Link Aggregation Group (LAG) Port Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport LAG Ports. A LAG bundles physical ports to create a single data path, where the traffic load is distributed among the ports to increase overall connection reliability.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "megaport_lag_port" "lag_port" {
  product_name           = "Megaport Lag Port Example"
  port_speed             = 10000
  location_id            = 6
  contract_term_months   = 1
  marketplace_visibility = false
  lag_count              = 1
  cost_centre            = "Lag Port Example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract_term_months` (Number) The term of the contract in months: valid values are 1, 12, 24, and 36.
- `lag_count` (Number) The number of LAG ports. Valid values are between 1 and 8.
- `location_id` (Number) The numeric location ID of the product. This value can be retrieved from the data source megaport_location.
- `marketplace_visibility` (Boolean) Whether the product is visible in the marketplace.
- `port_speed` (Number) The speed of the port in Mbps. Can be 10000 (10 G) or 100000 (100 G, where available).
- `product_name` (String) The name of the product.

### Optional

- `cost_centre` (String) A customer reference number to be included in billing information and invoices. Also known as the service level reference (SLR) number. Specify a unique identifying number for the product to be used for billing purposes, such as a cost center number or a unique customer ID. The service level reference number appears for each service under the Product section of the invoice. You can also edit this field for an existing service.
- `diversity_zone` (String) The diversity zone of the product.
- `promo_code` (String) Promo code is an optional string that can be used to enter a promotional code for the service order. The code is not validated, so if the code doesn't exist or doesn't work for the service, the request will still be successful.
- `resource_tags` (Attributes List) Tags to apply to the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_tags))

### Read-Only

- `cancelable` (Boolean) Whether the product is cancelable.
- `company_uid` (String) The unique identifier of the company.
- `contract_end_date` (String) The date the contract ends.
- `contract_start_date` (String) The date the contract started.
- `create_date` (String) The date the product was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the product.
- `lag_port_uids` (List of String) The unique identifiers of the LAG ports.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the resource was updated.
- `live_date` (String) The date the product went live.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the product is locked.
- `market` (String) The market the product is in.
- `product_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the product.
- `product_uid` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the product.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources attached to port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `terminate_date` (String) The date the product will be terminated.
- `usage_algorithm` (String) The usage algorithm for the product.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Whether the product is virtual. Always false for LAG orders.
- `vxc_auto_approval` (Boolean) Whether VXC is auto-approved on this product.
- `vxc_permitted` (Boolean) Whether VXC is permitted on this product.

<a id="nestedatt--resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `interface` (Attributes) Port interface details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--interface))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.interface`

Read-Only:

- `demarcation` (String) The demarcation of the interface.
- `up` (Number) The up status of the interface.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Order can be imported by specifying the Product UID.
terraform import megaport_lag_port.example "<PRODUCT_UID>"
```
