---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_mcr Resource - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Megaport Cloud Router (MCR) Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport MCRs. The MCR is a managed virtual router service that establishes Layer 3 connectivity on the worldwide Megaport software-defined network (SDN). MCR instances are preconfigured in data centers in key global routing zones. An MCR enables data transfer between multi-cloud or hybrid cloud networks, network service providers, and cloud service providers.
---

# megaport_mcr (Resource)

Megaport Cloud Router (MCR) Resource for the Megaport Terraform Provider. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Megaport MCRs. The MCR is a managed virtual router service that establishes Layer 3 connectivity on the worldwide Megaport software-defined network (SDN). MCR instances are preconfigured in data centers in key global routing zones. An MCR enables data transfer between multi-cloud or hybrid cloud networks, network service providers, and cloud service providers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "megaport_mcr" "mcr" {
  product_name         = "Megaport MCR Example"
  port_speed           = 1000
  location_id          = 6
  contract_term_months = 1

  prefix_filter_lists = [{
    description    = "Megaport Example Prefix Filter List"
    address_family = "IPv4"
    entries = [
      {
        action = "permit"
        prefix = "10.0.1.0/24"
        ge     = 24
        le     = 24
      },
      {
        action = "deny"
        prefix = "10.0.2.0/24"
        ge     = 24
        le     = 24
      }
    ]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract_term_months` (Number) The term of the contract in months: valid values are 1, 12, 24, and 36.
- `location_id` (Number) The numeric location ID of the product. This value can be retrieved from the data source megaport_location.
- `port_speed` (Number) Bandwidth speed of the product. The MCR can scale from 1 Gbps to 10 Gbps. The rate limit is an aggregate capacity that determines the speed for all connections through the MCR. MCR bandwidth is shared between all the Cloud Service Provider (CSP) connections added to it. The rate limit is fixed for the life of the service. MCR2 supports four speeds: 1000, 2500, 5000, and 10000 MBPS
- `product_name` (String) Name of the product. Specify a name for the MCR that is easily identifiable as yours, particularly if you plan on provisioning more than one MCR.

### Optional

- `admin_locked` (Boolean) Whether the product is admin locked.
- `aggregation_id` (Number) Numeric ID of the aggregation.
- `asn` (Number) Autonomous System Number (ASN) of the MCR in the MCR order configuration. Defaults to 133937 if not specified. For most configurations, the default ASN is appropriate. The ASN is used for BGP peering sessions on any VXCs connected to this MCR. See the documentation for your cloud providers before overriding the default value. For example, some public cloud services require the use of a public ASN and Microsoft blocks an ASN value of 65515 for Azure connections.
- `buyout_port` (Boolean) Whether the product is bought out.
- `cost_centre` (String) A customer reference number to be included in billing information and invoices. Also known as the service level reference (SLR) number. Specify a unique identifying number for the product to be used for billing purposes, such as a cost center number or a unique customer ID. The service level reference number appears for each service under the Product section of the invoice. You can also edit this field for an existing service. Please note that a VXC associated with the MCR is not automatically updated with the MCR service level reference number.
- `diversity_zone` (String) Diversity zone of the product. If the parameter is not provided, a diversity zone will be automatically allocated.
- `lag_id` (Number) Numeric ID of the LAG.
- `location_details` (Attributes) The location details of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location_details))
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the product is locked.
- `marketplace_visibility` (Boolean) Whether the product is visible in the Marketplace.
- `prefix_filter_lists` (Attributes List) Prefix filter list associated with the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prefix_filter_lists))
- `promo_code` (String) Promo code is an optional string that can be used to enter a promotional code for the service order. The code is not validated, so if the code doesn't exist or doesn't work for the service, the request will still be successful.
- `virtual_router` (Attributes) Virtual router associated with the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_router))

### Read-Only

- `attribute_tags` (Map of String) Attribute tags of the product.
- `cancelable` (Boolean) Whether the product is cancelable.
- `company_name` (String) Name of the company.
- `company_uid` (String) Megaport Company UID of the product.
- `contract_end_date` (String) Contract end date of the product.
- `contract_start_date` (String) Contract start date of the product.
- `create_date` (String) Date the product was created.
- `created_by` (String) User who created the product.
- `lag_primary` (Boolean) Whether the product is a LAG primary.
- `last_updated` (String) Last updated by the Terraform provider.
- `live_date` (String) Date the product went live.
- `market` (String) Market the product is in.
- `product_id` (Number) Numeric ID of the product.
- `product_type` (String) Type of the product.
- `product_uid` (String) UID identifier of the product.
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status of the product.
- `secondary_name` (String) Secondary name of the product.
- `terminate_date` (String) Date the product will be terminated.
- `usage_algorithm` (String) Usage algorithm of the product.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Whether the product is virtual.
- `vxc_auto_approval` (Boolean) Whether VXC is auto approved.
- `vxc_permitted` (Boolean) Whether VXC is permitted.

<a id="nestedatt--location_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_details`

Optional:

- `city` (String) The city of the location.
- `country` (String) The country of the location.
- `metro` (String) The metro of the location.
- `name` (String) The name of the location.


<a id="nestedatt--prefix_filter_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_filter_lists`

Required:

- `address_family` (String) The IP address standard of the IP network addresses in the prefix filter list.
- `description` (String) Description of the prefix filter list.

Optional:

- `entries` (Attributes List) Entries in the prefix filter list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prefix_filter_lists--entries))

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Numeric ID of the prefix filter list.

<a id="nestedatt--prefix_filter_lists--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prefix_filter_lists.entries`

Required:

- `action` (String) The action to take for the network address in the filter list. Accepted values are permit and deny.
- `prefix` (String) The network address of the prefix filter list entry.

Optional:

- `ge` (Number) The minimum starting prefix length to be matched. Valid values are from 0 to 32 (IPv4), or 0 to 128 (IPv6). The minimum (ge) must be no greater than or equal to the maximum value (le).
- `le` (Number) The maximum ending prefix length to be matched. The prefix length is greater than or equal to the minimum value (ge). Valid values are from 0 to 32 (IPv4), or 0 to 128 (IPv6), but the maximum must be no less than the minimum value (ge).



<a id="nestedatt--virtual_router"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_router`

Optional:

- `asn` (Number) ASN of the virtual router.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual router.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name of the virtual router.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of the virtual router.
- `speed` (Number) Speed of the virtual router.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Numeric ID of the virtual router.
