---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_mve Resource - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Megaport Virtual Edge (MVE) Resource for Megaport Terraform provider. This resource allows you to create, modify, and delete Megaport MVEs. Megaport Virtual Edge (MVE) is an on-demand, vendor-neutral Network Function Virtualization (NFV) platform that provides virtual infrastructure for network services at the edge of Megaport’s global software-defined network (SDN). Network technologies such as SD-WAN and NGFW are hosted directly on Megaport’s global network via Megaport Virtual Edge.
---

# megaport_mve (Resource)

Megaport Virtual Edge (MVE) Resource for Megaport Terraform provider. This resource allows you to create, modify, and delete Megaport MVEs. Megaport Virtual Edge (MVE) is an on-demand, vendor-neutral Network Function Virtualization (NFV) platform that provides virtual infrastructure for network services at the edge of Megaport’s global software-defined network (SDN). Network technologies such as SD-WAN and NGFW are hosted directly on Megaport’s global network via Megaport Virtual Edge.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "megaport_mve" "mve" {
  product_name         = "Megaport MVE Example"
  location_id          = 6
  contract_term_months = 1

  vnics = [
    {
      description = "Data Plane"
    },
    {
      description = "Control Plane"
    },
    {
      description = "Management Plane"
    }
  ]

  vendor_config = {
    vendor       = "aruba"
    product_size = "MEDIUM"
    image_id     = 23
    account_name = "Aruba Test Account"
    account_key  = "12345678"
    system_tag   = "Preconfiguration-aruba-test-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract_term_months` (Number) The contract term in months.
- `location_id` (Number) The location ID of the MVE.
- `product_name` (String) The name of the MVE.
- `vendor_config` (Attributes) The vendor configuration of the MVE. Vendor-specific information required to bootstrap the MVE. These values will be different for each vendor, and can include vendor name, size of VM, license/activation code, software version, and SSH keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vendor_config))

### Optional

- `location_details` (Attributes) The location details of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location_details))
- `promo_code` (String) Promo code is an optional string that can be used to enter a promotional code for the service order. The code is not validated, so if the code doesn't exist or doesn't work for the service, the request will still be successful.
- `vnics` (Attributes List) The network interfaces of the MVE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vnics))

### Read-Only

- `admin_locked` (Boolean) Whether the MVE is admin locked.
- `attribute_tags` (Map of String) The attribute tags of the MVE.
- `buyout_port` (Boolean) Whether the port is buyout.
- `cancelable` (Boolean) Whether the MVE is cancelable.
- `company_name` (String) The company name of the MVE.
- `company_uid` (String) The company UID of the MVE.
- `contract_end_date` (String) The contract end date of the MVE.
- `contract_start_date` (String) The contract start date of the MVE.
- `create_date` (String) The date the MVE was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the MVE.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the MVE was updated by the Terraform Provider.
- `live_date` (String) The date the MVE went live.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the MVE is locked.
- `market` (String) The market the MVE is in.
- `marketplace_visibility` (Boolean) Whether the MVE is visible in the marketplace.
- `mve_size` (String) The size of the MVE.
- `product_id` (Number) The Numeric ID of the MVE.
- `product_type` (String) The type of product (MVE).
- `product_uid` (String) The unique identifier of the MVE.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the MVE.
- `resources` (Attributes) The resources associated with the MVE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `secondary_name` (String) The secondary name of the MVE.
- `terminate_date` (String) The date the MVE will be terminated.
- `usage_algorithm` (String) The usage algorithm of the MVE.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor of the MVE.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Whether the MVE is virtual.
- `vxc_auto_approval` (Boolean) Whether VXC is auto approved.
- `vxc_permitted` (Boolean) Whether VXC is permitted.

<a id="nestedatt--vendor_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vendor_config`

Required:

- `image_id` (Number) The image ID of the MVE. Indicates the software version.
- `product_size` (String) The product size for the vendor config. The size defines the MVE specifications including number of cores, bandwidth, and number of connections.
- `vendor` (String) The name of vendor of the MVE.

Optional:

- `account_key` (String) The account key for the vendor config. Enter the Account Key from Aruba Orchestrator. The key is linked to the Account Name. Required for Aruba MVE.
- `account_name` (String) The account name for the vendor config. Enter the Account Name from Aruba Orchestrator. To view your Account Name, log in to Orchestrator and choose Orchestrator > Licensing | Cloud Portal. Required for Aruba MVE.
- `admin_password_hash` (String) The admin password hash for the vendor config. Required for Palo Alto MVE.
- `admin_ssh_public_key` (String) The admin SSH public key for the vendor config. Required for Cisco, Fortinet, Palo Alto, and Vmware MVEs.
- `cloud_init` (String) The cloud init for the vendor config. The bootstrap configuration file. Download this for your device from vManage. Required for Cisco MVE.
- `controller_address` (String) The controldler address for the vendor config. A FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) or IPv4 address of your Versa Controller. Required for Versa MVE.
- `director_address` (String) The director address for the vendor config. A FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) or IPv4 address of your Versa Director. Required for Versa MVE.
- `fmc_ip_address` (String) The FMC IP address for the vendor config. Required for Cisco FTDv (Firewall) MVE.
- `fmc_nat_id` (String) The FMC NAT ID for the vendor config. Required for Cisco FTDv (Firewall) MVE.
- `fmc_registration_key` (String) The FMC registration key for the vendor config. Required for Cisco FTDv (Firewall) MVE.
- `license_data` (String) The license data for the vendor config. Required for Fortinet and Palo Alto MVEs.
- `local_auth` (String) The local auth for the vendor config. Enter the Local Auth string as configured in your Versa Director. Required for Versa MVE.
- `manage_locally` (Boolean) Whether to manage the MVE locally. Required for Cisco MVE.
- `mve_label` (String) The MVE label for the vendor config.
- `remote_auth` (String) The remote auth for the vendor config. Enter the Remote Auth string as configured in your Versa Director. Required for Versa MVE.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number for the vendor config. Enter the serial number that you specified when creating the device in Versa Director. Required for Versa MVE.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) The SSH public key for the vendor config. Required for VMWare and Fortinet MVEs. Megaport supports the 2048-bit RSA key type.
- `system_tag` (String) The system tag for the vendor config. Aruba Orchestrator System Tags and preconfiguration templates register the EC-V with the Cloud Portal and Orchestrator, and enable Orchestrator to automatically accept and configure newly discovered EC-V appliances. If you created a preconfiguration template in Orchestrator, enter the System Tag you specified here. Required for Aruba MVE.
- `token` (String) The token for the vendor config. Required for Meraki MVE.
- `vco_activation_code` (String) The VCO activation code for the vendor config. This is provided by Orchestrator after creating the edge device. Required for VMware MVE.
- `vco_address` (String) The VCO address for the vendor config. A FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) or IPv4 or IPv6 address for the Orchestrator where you created the edge device. Required for VMware MVE.


<a id="nestedatt--location_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_details`

Optional:

- `city` (String) The city of the location.
- `country` (String) The country of the location.
- `metro` (String) The metro of the location.
- `name` (String) The name of the location.


<a id="nestedatt--vnics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vnics`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the network interface.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `interface` (Attributes) The port interface of the MVE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--interface))
- `virtual_machine` (Attributes List) The virtual machines associated with the MVE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.interface`

Read-Only:

- `demarcation` (String) The demarcation of the port interface.
- `description` (String) The description of the port interface.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the port interface.
- `loa_template` (String) The LOA template of the port interface.
- `media` (String) The media of the port interface.
- `name` (String) The name of the port interface.
- `port_speed` (Number) The port speed of the port interface.
- `resource_name` (String) The resource name of the port interface.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the port interface.
- `up` (Number) Whether the port interface is up.


<a id="nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.virtual_machine`

Read-Only:

- `cpu_count` (Number) The CPU count of the virtual machine.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the virtual machine.
- `image` (Attributes) The image of the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine--image))
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the virtual machine.
- `up` (Boolean) Whether the virtual machine is up.
- `vnics` (Attributes List) The network interfaces of the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine--vnics))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.virtual_machine.image`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the image.
- `product` (String) The product of the image.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor of the image.
- `version` (String) The version of the image.


<a id="nestedatt--resources--virtual_machine--vnics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.virtual_machine.vnics`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the network interface.
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN of the network interface.
