---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "megaport_port Resource - terraform-provider-megaport"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# megaport_port (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "megaport_port" "port" {
  product_name           = "Megaport Port Example"
  port_speed             = 1000
  location_id            = 6
  contract_term_months   = 1
  marketplace_visibility = false
  cost_centre            = "Megaport Single Port Example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract_term_months` (Number) The term of the contract in months: valid values are 1, 12, 24, and 36.
- `location_id` (Number) The numeric location ID of the product.
- `marketplace_visibility` (Boolean) Whether the product is visible in the marketplace. By default, the Port is private to your enterprise and consumes services from the Megaport network for your own internal company, team, and resources. When set to Private, the Port is not searchable in the Megaport Marketplace (however, others can still connect to you using a service key). Click Public to make the new Port and profile visible on the Megaport network for inbound connection requests. It is possible to change the Port from Private to Public after the initial setup.
- `port_speed` (Number) The speed of the port in Mbps.
- `product_name` (String) The name of the product. Specify a name for the Port that is easily identifiable, particularly if you plan on having more than one Port.

### Optional

- `attribute_tags` (Attributes) The attribute tags of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_tags))
- `cost_centre` (String) A customer reference number to be included in billing information and invoices. Also known as the service level reference (SLR) number. Specify a unique identifying number for the product to be used for billing purposes, such as a cost center number or a unique customer ID. The service level reference number appears for each service under the Product section of the invoice. You can also edit this field for an existing service. Please note that a VXC associated with the Port is not automatically updated with the Port service level reference number.
- `diversity_zone` (String) The diversity zone of the product.
- `location_details` (Attributes) The location details of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location_details))
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the product is locked.
- `promo_code` (String) Promo code is an optional string that can be used to enter a promotional code for the service order. The code is not validated, so if the code doesn't exist or doesn't work for the service, the request will still be successful.
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources attached to port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Read-Only

- `cancelable` (Boolean) Whether the product is cancelable.
- `company_uid` (String) The unique identifier of the company.
- `contract_end_date` (String) The date the contract ends.
- `contract_start_date` (String) The date the contract started.
- `create_date` (String) The date the product was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the product.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the resource was updated.
- `live_date` (String) The date the product went live.
- `market` (String) The market the product is in.
- `product_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the product.
- `product_uid` (String) The unique identifier for the resource.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the product.
- `terminate_date` (String) The date the product will be terminated.
- `usage_algorithm` (String) The usage algorithm for the product.
- `virtual` (Boolean) Whether the product is virtual.
- `vxc_auto_approval` (Boolean) Whether VXC is auto-approved on this product.
- `vxc_permitted` (Boolean) Whether VXC is permitted on this product.

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_tags`

Optional:

- `terminated_service_details` (Attributes) The terminated service details of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_tags.terminated_service_details`

Optional:

- `device` (String) The device of the terminated service.
- `interface` (Attributes) The interface of the terminated service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details--interface))
- `location` (Attributes) The location of the terminated service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details--location))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_tags.terminated_service_details.interface`

Optional:

- `demarcation` (String) The demarcation of the interface.
- `loa_template` (String) The LOA template of the interface.
- `media` (String) The media of the interface.
- `port_speed` (Number) The port speed of the interface.
- `resource_name` (String) The resource name of the interface.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the interface.
- `shutdown` (Boolean) The shutdown status of the interface.
- `up` (Number) The up status of the interface.


<a id="nestedatt--attribute_tags--terminated_service_details--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_tags.terminated_service_details.location`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the location.
- `name` (String) The name of the location.
- `site_code` (String) The site code of the location.




<a id="nestedatt--location_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_details`

Optional:

- `city` (String) The city of the location.
- `country` (String) The country of the location.
- `metro` (String) The metro of the location.
- `name` (String) The name of the location.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `interface` (Attributes) Port interface details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--interface))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.interface`

Read-Only:

- `demarcation` (String) The demarcation of the interface.
- `description` (String) The description of the interface.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the interface.
- `loa_template` (String) The LOA template of the interface.
- `media` (String) The media of the interface.
- `name` (String) The name of the interface.
- `port_speed` (Number) The port speed of the interface.
- `resource_name` (String) The resource name of the interface.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the interface.
- `up` (Number) The up status of the interface.
